Individual reflections should be submitted to your teams source code repository.

Each team member submits an individual reflection each week (starting week 1). 
In the individual reflection, please address the following questions, using the A, B, A -> B reflective loop as described
 (https://chalmers.instructure.com/courses/18176/pages/course-pm-team-reflections):
A Novice at flutter which I would like to become better at.

B
Learn and become efficent in using flutter.

A->B
Create small projects on my own, learn by using youtube, and searches litterature on the web.

- how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
By using the skills that I currently have and continuing to learn more about diffrent ways to work and the diffrent programs that we use.
The key is learing new skills and try to teach out in an effective way how to apply the skills for someone else. By being kind and helpfull and
also understanding. 

- what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
By being the scrum master this week I have focused on helping the team by administrating the sprint. 
By helping everyone understand Scrum theory and practice. Furthermore ensuring that all Scrum events take place and are positive, productive. 
In the future shifting rolls and learn to be on both sides to get a better perspective of how a good scrum master works and how I can improve my own skills
as one.

- what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Creatig the mockup to create real value for our customer. By deciding the diffrent goals, and taking the process forward by 
enabling a good enviroment and by finishing my assainged stories during our sprint.  

------ 22/04-----
- what do I want to learn or understand better?
Last reflections I said that i wanted to learn and become efficent in using flutter (codewise and UI) and I feel that I have come a long way in that progress but its 
always possible to learn more and I am not as efficent as I would like to be. There I will continue to learn by using youtube, 
and searche litterature on the web. Doing diffrent small subtask and working on other diffrent projects in flutter.

- how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
By continuing to learn new skills with both figma the UIX design and Flutter I can advice and disscuss diffrent solutions with the team.
By being kind and helpfull and also understanding it easier for the entire group to work togheter. I wish to continute learing more new skills with
the flutter UI so that I can contiune to help the team processes going forward. 

- what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
By attending the group meetings and contribute with diffrent ideas and new angles. Furthermore be adjusting the work load per week and better estimate 
how much time diffrent sprint objects will take. Working within the frame of scrum, being clear with which parts of the sprint that I will be working on
and how and also updated regularly.

- what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This sprint my focus have been on implementing diffrent dynamic data storage for users of our application to make the app easier to use after requests 
from our product owner. Continuing to work on the UI and helping with the mock-up, adding new screens and or changing accordig to how our product owner 
whises that the app looks like and by finishing my assainged stories during our sprint.

